hello to everybody on YouTube and thank
you for watching my hot videos this
video is going to be on doing the splits
the splits is something that will take
different people varied amount of times
and it will also take different
exercises to do the splits so this is
just an example of what I did to leather
splits and if it doesn't work for you
then you can always ask me for any tips
tell me any problems that you have will
show me a video of your split and I can
give you the best I can so for the slits
the first thing that we must must must
do is warm up and if you don't warm up
you will get injured it may not be the
first time you do it but if you continue
to practice that's without warming up
you will get injured and even just for
me just to record the clips that I'm
going to do to make this video I'm going
to be warrior I'm going to be running on
the treadmill for five minutes and then
I'm going to be doing some static
stretches and some dynamic stretches
before I start recording the clips and I
know from experience and what happens
when you get hurt doing splits I
recently and got a grade two hamstring
pull I was off the ice for over three
months and it was the most infuriating
depressing thing I've ever been through
not skating through three months so and
this wasn't even because I didn't warm
up this because I did warm up but I just
been overworking myself so basically i'm
going to give you some exercises i
recommend doing them once a day to start
with probably not twice a day until
you've really got it and you're used to
it and your ma
I used to the amount of work and then
maybe just do it twice a day I don't
know on the weekends so after you have
warmed up for warm up I suggest doing
running or something to get your heart
rate going and then doing some dynamic
stretches which are stretches that you
do while you're moving so for example
and jog a couple of steps and then hold
the stretch and then jog for a couple of
steps hold the stretch job for a couple
of steps haul the stretch and then drove
back to the start and also some static
stretches which are stretches that you
do while you're standing still after
you've warmed up then you need to start
doing some exercises that stretch the
parts of your body that need to be
stretched to noon splits so a few of
these include and lunges to do lunch you
have both your feet facing forwards
don't turn any of your feet out and then
you simply step forwards with one of
your feet and then it can be as far away
as close as you want and depending on
how flexible you're already and then you
bend your the front like that you
stretched out and you keep your one
straight another lunge you can do and is
where you bend both of your legs but
that doesn't stretch the hamstrings as
much so that's a lounge and you can also
do the butterfly stretch if you're
stretching your side slits which is when
you sit on the floor and then you bend
your knees as if you're going to cross
your legs but then you put the soles of
your feet together and and then you can
try to push your knees down to the floor
and another stretch you can do is
sitting on the floor with your legs 90
degrees apart and then you reach to
touch one of your toes Oh
that and then you sit up reached a tree
on the tail hold that and then after
you've done that you can do you know
simple stretches where you stand up with
your legs straight and touch your toes
and also if you cross one of your legs
over when you do this and it stretches
just one leg more and then you cross the
other one over and do the same thing you
can also do half splits which is it's a
very similar position to a lunge except
on the lunge your back leg the other
thing that's touching the floor is the
fit but on the half let you put your
knee and your leg on the ground as well
so it's like you're doing the splits but
your front leg is bent and then after
you've done this it is time to go for
the splits so for the splits this is
what I did every day to learn the splits
I would do these stretches and then go
into half split with my left leg in
front and my right leg behind from the
hospitai straighten my front leg as far
down as I could go and when I was this
far I would hold this position for eight
seconds then I word and take a deep
breath then as I exhales I would lower
myself down just a bit more and out of
my comfort zone I would hold that for
eight seconds and then I would stand up
and ah I would then rest for about 30
seconds and I would repeat the whole
thing again and this time I would do the
both of the stretch said done before but
then I'm take another deep breath and go
a slightly lower so then um then I'll
stand up again and take a rest for 30
seconds and then I would just go down
once and see how like I get hold that
for eight seconds
so if you keep on doing that and you
keep on stretching then you should be
getting lower and lower until you reach
the splits it takes time and so many
people start off stretching this bit and
then it takes so much time that they
just give up because they think that
it's impossible for them but it is
possible for anybody and I've seen
people I'm not going to say older people
but I've seen older people doing the
smiths I've seen guys doing the splits
I've seen pretty much everybody doing
the splits and it just takes a lot of
patience and a lot of practice and low
stretching and a lot of warming up so
don't give up if you have any problems
then you can message me also if you have
any tips on how to make these videos
better or any other help fill your
requests then you can message me leave a
comment on any of my videos or leave a
comment on my profile thank you for
watching good luck